```

  ___           ___        _                 
 / _ \ _ __    / _ \ _   _(_)_ __   ___  ___ 
| | | | '_ \  | | | | | | | | '_ \ / _ \/ __|
| |_| | | | | | |_| | |_| | | | | |  __/\__ \
 \___/|_| |_|  \__\_\\__,_|_|_| |_|\___||___/
                                             
```
By Konrad Aust

A Quine is a computer program that takes nothing as input and produces only its
own source code as output. This might seem trivial and useless, but it's the
first step towards writing a computer program that can self-replicate. It's a
gateway drug to biologically inspired computing, Evolutionary Algorithms, some
types of Artificial Intelligence, and even Computer Virus creation.

In my article I talk about the challenges with writing Quines, and I walk
through what it really means for a program to produce a copy of its own source
code. Here, I'll record myself typing out and compiling Quines that were written
by myself and others in various programming languages.

We (in popular culture) talk in broad strokes about technology, how software is
changing the world, the amazing things that AI and Emergent Computing can enable
us to do, et cetera, but at the base of it all, there's always some poor
programmer typing out gibberish in a monospace font using an obtuse text editor.
That's what you'll be seeing here, just without the hours of chin scratching and
swearing at a piece of non-functional code. Still, it's a more honest view of
computer science than you'd see in Hollywood or at a tech press conference.

What you're going to see is all very mundane and far from revolutionary, but I
think that even if something is insignificant or boring or it can be broken down
and explained, that doesn't mean it's not meaningful.

Thanks to Brian Raiter, Chris Hruska, Frank Stajano, and Christoph Durr for
writing their Quines, and Eric S. Raymond for putting together The Jargon File.
(Version 4.4.7)

All the code you see here is available for free (As in, free beer, free speech,
etc) on Github.

`https://github.com/ironykins/fine-quines`
